fix: process.kill("SIGABRT") not supported on windows (#4308)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/clever-insects-shave.md

---
"blitz": patch
---

> Use process.kill("SIGINT") instead of process.kill("SIGABRT") on startCustomServer() for better compatibility with operative systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `SIGINT` signal instead of `SIGABRT` to stop the process, when using custom server for better compatibility with operative systems
```
